org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MixtureMultivariateRealDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.MixtureMultivariateRealDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/FuzzyKMeansClusterer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.FuzzyKMeansClusterer
org/apache/commons/math3/util/TransformerMap.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.TransformerMap
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Line
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/AbstractListChromosome.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.AbstractListChromosome
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Region.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.Region
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.Region$Location
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.RandomDataImpl
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/MultivariateFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.MultivariateFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealLinearOperator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealLinearOperator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/JacobiPreconditioner.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.JacobiPreconditioner
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.JacobiPreconditioner$1
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/RotationConvention.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.RotationConvention
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.UnivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/correlation/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.correlation.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/RotationOrder.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.RotationOrder
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/GeneticAlgorithm.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.GeneticAlgorithm
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/SimplexOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.SimplexOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.SimplexOptimizer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.SimplexOptimizer$2
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/HarmonicFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.HarmonicFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.HarmonicFitter$ParameterGuesser
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FieldODEStateAndDerivative.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FieldODEStateAndDerivative
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/SecantSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.SecantSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/SphericalPolygonsSet.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.SphericalPolygonsSet
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/util/ArgUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.util.ArgUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.SimpleUnivariateValueChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialsUtils
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialsUtils$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialsUtils$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialsUtils$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialsUtils$4
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialsUtils$5
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialsUtils$JacobiKey
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialsUtils$RecurrenceCoefficientsGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/JacobianMatrices.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.JacobianMatrices
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.JacobianMatrices$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.JacobianMatrices$JacobiansSecondaryEquations
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.JacobianMatrices$MainStateJacobianWrapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.JacobianMatrices$MismatchedEquations
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NotPositiveException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NotPositiveException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.StepFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/MidPointIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.MidPointIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ParameterJacobianWrapper.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ParameterJacobianWrapper
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsBashforthFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsBashforthFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.AbstractFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/util/KthSelector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.KthSelector
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/LinearConstraint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.LinearConstraint
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalNumberException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MathIllegalNumberException
org/apache/commons/math3/complex/Quaternion.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.Quaternion
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.RandomDataGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$LowerBoundMapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$LowerUpperBoundMapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$Mapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$NoBoundsMapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$UpperBoundMapper
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/interval/BinomialConfidenceInterval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.interval.BinomialConfidenceInterval
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/Network.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.Network
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.Network$NeuronIdentifierComparator
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.Network$SerializationProxy
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Expm1.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Expm1
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTest.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.WilcoxonSignedRankTest
org/apache/commons/math3/complex/ComplexUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.ComplexUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/DstNormalization.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.DstNormalization
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixPreservingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.DefaultFieldMatrixPreservingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SphericalCoordinates.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.SphericalCoordinates
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.SphericalCoordinates$DataTransferObject
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/InsideFinder.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.InsideFinder
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.InsideFinder$1
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/VectorialMean.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.VectorialMean
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SingularMatrixException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SingularMatrixException
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/KohonenTrainingTask.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.KohonenTrainingTask
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Min.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Min
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Log10.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Log10
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.AbstractUnivariateSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/NotARotationMatrixException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.NotARotationMatrixException
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/util/ExponentialDecayFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.util.ExponentialDecayFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ParameterizedODE.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ParameterizedODE
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Tan.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Tan
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EulerIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.EulerIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/LoessInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.LoessInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/HarmonicOscillator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.HarmonicOscillator
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.HarmonicOscillator$Parametric
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsBashforthIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsBashforthIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/FieldStepNormalizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.FieldStepNormalizer
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/BaseMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.BaseMultivariateVectorOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Gaussian.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Gaussian
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Gaussian$Parametric
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.gauss.LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/UnivariateInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.UnivariateInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.MatrixUtils
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.MatrixUtils$BigFractionMatrixConverter
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.MatrixUtils$FractionMatrixConverter
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Add.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Add
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/PolynomialSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.PolynomialSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Euclidean2D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Euclidean2D
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Euclidean2D$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Euclidean2D$LazyHolder
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/DifferentiableMultivariateFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.DifferentiableMultivariateFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicInterpolatingFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/QRDecomposition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.QRDecomposition
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.QRDecomposition$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.QRDecomposition$Solver
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Acosh.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Acosh
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/SaddlePointExpansion.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.SaddlePointExpansion
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixDimensionMismatchException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.MatrixDimensionMismatchException
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/UnivariateDfpFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.UnivariateDfpFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.NormalDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/MultipleLinearRegression.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.MultipleLinearRegression
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/MultivariateDifferentiableOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.MultivariateDifferentiableOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/util/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.util.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Euclidean3D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Euclidean3D
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Euclidean3D$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Euclidean3D$LazyHolder
org/apache/commons/math3/random/EmpiricalDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.EmpiricalDistribution
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.EmpiricalDistribution$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.EmpiricalDistribution$ArrayDataAdapter
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.EmpiricalDistribution$DataAdapter
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.EmpiricalDistribution$StreamDataAdapter
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/gauss/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.gauss.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RectangularCholeskyDecomposition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RectangularCholeskyDecomposition
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well1024a.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.Well1024a
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/gauss/SymmetricGaussIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.gauss.SymmetricGaussIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/KohonenUpdateAction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.KohonenUpdateAction
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/TransformUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.TransformUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/GillFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.GillFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/DBSCANClusterer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.DBSCANClusterer
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.DBSCANClusterer$PointStatus
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/clustering/Cluster.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.Cluster
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.AllowedSolution
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.BitsStreamGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/special/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.special.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/UnivariateFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.UnivariateFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/ParameterValidator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.ParameterValidator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/FeatureInitializerFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.FeatureInitializerFactory
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.FeatureInitializerFactory$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.FeatureInitializerFactory$2
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/Vector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.Vector
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/GumbelDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.GumbelDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Line
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Line$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Line$LineTransform
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/SimpleValueChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.SimpleValueChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/random/UniformRandomGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.UniformRandomGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.utilities.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/MultivariateDifferentiableFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.MultivariateDifferentiableFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.MersenneTwister
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.PolyhedronsSet
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.PolyhedronsSet$FacetsContributionVisitor
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.PolyhedronsSet$RotationTransform
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.PolyhedronsSet$TranslationTransform
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/IterativeLinearSolverEvent.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.IterativeLinearSolverEvent
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.correlation.PearsonsCorrelation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/Action.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.Action
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/TiesStrategy.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.ranking.TiesStrategy
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/RandomKeyMutation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.RandomKeyMutation
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/Clusterable.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.Clusterable
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ParameterizedWrapper.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ParameterizedWrapper
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/InsufficientDataException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.InsufficientDataException
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/LeastSquaresAdapter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresAdapter
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsMoultonFieldIntegrator
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsMoultonFieldIntegrator$Corrector
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/DenseWeightedEvaluation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.DenseWeightedEvaluation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Rint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Rint
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/MultiKMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.MultiKMeansPlusPlusClusterer
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/fitting/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.fitting.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/EvaluationRmsChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.EvaluationRmsChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryBuilder.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BoundaryBuilder
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/BicubicSplineInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicSplineInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/LearningFactorFunctionFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.LearningFactorFunctionFactory
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.LearningFactorFunctionFactory$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.LearningFactorFunctionFactory$2
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaNStrategy.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.ranking.NaNStrategy
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealMatrixPreservingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsMoultonIntegrator
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsMoultonIntegrator$Corrector
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/gauss/GaussIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.gauss.GaussIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sigmoid.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Sigmoid
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Sigmoid$Parametric
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.Variance
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.AbstractStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/Neuron.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.Neuron
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.Neuron$SerializationProxy
org/apache/commons/math3/random/GaussianRandomGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.GaussianRandomGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/ThreeEighthesFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.ThreeEighthesFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/FieldVector3D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.FieldVector3D
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.BlockRealMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/filter/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.filter.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/fitting/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/BaseOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.BaseOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ContinuousOutputFieldModel.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ContinuousOutputFieldModel
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/oned/Arc.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.Arc
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FieldEquationsMapper.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FieldEquationsMapper
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/ModelSpecificationException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.ModelSpecificationException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/LegendreGaussIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.LegendreGaussIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractPolynomialSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.AbstractPolynomialSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinh.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Sinh
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalArgumentException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MathIllegalArgumentException
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/DiskGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.DiskGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/IllinoisSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.IllinoisSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/util/ExceptionContext.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.util.ExceptionContext
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/AggregateSummaryStatistics.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.AggregateSummaryStatistics
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.AggregateSummaryStatistics$AggregatingSummaryStatistics
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/Chromosome.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.Chromosome
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BiDiagonalTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.BiDiagonalTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/DftNormalization.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.DftNormalization
org/apache/commons/math3/util/BigReal.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.BigReal
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/FastCosineTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.FastCosineTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/interval/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.interval.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.OpenIntToDoubleHashMap$Iterator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.CurveFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.CurveFitter$OldTheoreticalValuesFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.CurveFitter$OldTheoreticalValuesFunction$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.CurveFitter$TheoreticalValuesFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpMath.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.DfpMath
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/InitialGuess.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.InitialGuess
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/oned/LimitAngle.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.LimitAngle
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/oned/SubLimitAngle.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.SubLimitAngle
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/Preconditioner.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.gradient.Preconditioner
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1DFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.Vector1DFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/DummyStepHandler.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.DummyStepHandler
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.DummyStepHandler$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.DummyStepHandler$LazyHolder
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixChangingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealMatrixChangingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GoalType.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.GoalType
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Cos.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Cos
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.ObjectiveFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/hull/MonotoneChain.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.hull.MonotoneChain
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.hull.MonotoneChain$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/DoublePoint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.DoublePoint
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/UnivariatePeriodicInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.UnivariatePeriodicInterpolator
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.UnivariatePeriodicInterpolator$1
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.SimpleBounds
org/apache/commons/math3/primes/SmallPrimes.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.primes.SmallPrimes
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Min
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/correlation/SpearmansCorrelation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.correlation.SpearmansCorrelation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince54Integrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.DormandPrince54Integrator
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/UnivariateMatrixFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.UnivariateMatrixFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/PowellOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.PowellOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.PowellOptimizer$LineSearch
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.PowellOptimizer$LineSearch$1
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/GaussianFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.GaussianFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.GaussianFitter$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.GaussianFitter$ParameterGuesser
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.GaussianFitter$ParameterGuesser$1
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/CrossoverPolicy.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.CrossoverPolicy
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/WeibullDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.WeibullDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/FunctionUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$10
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$11
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$12
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$13
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$14
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$14$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$15
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$16
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$16$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$16$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$17
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$18
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$18$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$19
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$3$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$4
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$5
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$6
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$6$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$7
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$8
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$9
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.FunctionUtils$9$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.RungeKuttaStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/BaseAbstractUnivariateIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.BaseAbstractUnivariateIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Vector2D
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/IterativeLinearSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.IterativeLinearSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/random/JDKRandomGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.JDKRandomGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Asinh.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Asinh
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/LeastSquaresFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresFactory
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresFactory$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresFactory$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresFactory$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresFactory$LocalLeastSquaresProblem
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresFactory$LocalLeastSquaresProblem$LazyUnweightedEvaluation
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresFactory$LocalLeastSquaresProblem$UnweightedEvaluation
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresFactory$LocalValueAndJacobianFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/VectorFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.VectorFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsNordsieckTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/Preconditioner.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.Preconditioner
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateDifferentiableSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.AbstractUnivariateDifferentiableSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/ThreeEighthesIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.ThreeEighthesIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimplePointChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.SimplePointChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/SemiVariance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.SemiVariance
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.SemiVariance$Direction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/RombergIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.RombergIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MultistepIntegrator
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MultistepIntegrator$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MultistepIntegrator$InitializationCompletedMarkerException
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MultistepIntegrator$NordsieckInitializer
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MultistepIntegrator$NordsieckTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BrentSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/FieldEventHandler.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.FieldEventHandler
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well44497b.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.Well44497b
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.ResizableDoubleArray
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.ResizableDoubleArray$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.ResizableDoubleArray$ExpansionMode
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractMultivariateRealDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.AbstractMultivariateRealDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractEvaluation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.AbstractEvaluation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.SearchInterval
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/BaseMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.BaseMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/OutOfRangeException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.OutOfRangeException
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.BaseMultivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/LinearOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.LinearOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/filter/ProcessModel.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.filter.ProcessModel
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/ExponentialDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.ExponentialDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/BinaryMutation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.BinaryMutation
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/HarmonicCurveFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.HarmonicCurveFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.HarmonicCurveFitter$ParameterGuesser
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToFieldHashMap.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.OpenIntToFieldHashMap
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.OpenIntToFieldHashMap$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.OpenIntToFieldHashMap$Iterator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/summary/Product.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.summary.Product
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/GradientFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.GradientFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Combinations.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Combinations
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Combinations$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Combinations$IterationOrder
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Combinations$LexicographicComparator
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Combinations$LexicographicIterator
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Combinations$SingletonIterator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/distance/DistanceMeasure.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.distance.DistanceMeasure
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/NodesSet.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.NodesSet
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/FieldMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.NeuronSquareMesh2D
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.NeuronSquareMesh2D$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.NeuronSquareMesh2D$HorizontalDirection
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.NeuronSquareMesh2D$SerializationProxy
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.NeuronSquareMesh2D$VerticalDirection
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/distance/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.distance.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/BaseMultivariateMultiStartOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.BaseMultivariateMultiStartOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.BaseMultivariateMultiStartOptimizer$1
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BSPTree
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BSPTree$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BSPTree$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BSPTree$LeafMerger
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BSPTree$VanishingCutHandler
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.BaseAbstractMultivariateVectorOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Sinc
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.UnivariateSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.gradient.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FieldSecondaryEquations.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FieldSecondaryEquations
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.RegionFactory
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.RegionFactory$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.RegionFactory$DifferenceMerger
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.RegionFactory$IntersectionMerger
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.RegionFactory$NodesCleaner
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.RegionFactory$UnionMerger
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.RegionFactory$VanishingToLeaf
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.RegionFactory$XorMerger
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/FieldFixedStepHandler.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.FieldFixedStepHandler
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.MillerUpdatingRegression
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/OLSMultipleLinearRegression.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.OLSMultipleLinearRegression
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/DividedDifferenceInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.DividedDifferenceInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/TricubicSplineInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.TricubicSplineInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatistics.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.DescriptiveStatistics
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/Point.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.Point
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.SimplexOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.SimplexOptimizer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.SimplexOptimizer$2
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/MapVisualization.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.MapVisualization
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EulerStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.EulerStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/TooManyEvaluationsException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.TooManyEvaluationsException
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince54FieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.DormandPrince54FieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/NestedLoops.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.NestedLoops
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/interval/ClopperPearsonInterval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.interval.ClopperPearsonInterval
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/EdgesBuilder.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.EdgesBuilder
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/StatUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.StatUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/NPointCrossover.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.NPointCrossover
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/FieldMatrixPreservingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldMatrixPreservingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultIterativeLinearSolverEvent.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.DefaultIterativeLinearSolverEvent
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/SubOrientedPoint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.SubOrientedPoint
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVector
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVector$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVector$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVector$2$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVector$2$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVector$2$UnmodifiableEntry
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVector$Entry
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVector$SparseEntryIterator
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SingularOperatorException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SingularOperatorException
org/apache/commons/math3/random/CorrelatedRandomVectorGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.CorrelatedRandomVectorGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/ConvergenceException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.ConvergenceException
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/interval/IntervalUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.interval.IntervalUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/WeightedEvaluation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.WeightedEvaluation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/fitting/MultivariateNormalMixtureExpectationMaximization.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.fitting.MultivariateNormalMixtureExpectationMaximization
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.fitting.MultivariateNormalMixtureExpectationMaximization$DataRow
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.Array2DRowFieldMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/util/PivotingStrategyInterface.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.PivotingStrategyInterface
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicInterpolator
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicInterpolator$1
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/ProperFractionFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.ProperFractionFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayFieldVector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.ArrayFieldVector
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/AbstractFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.AbstractFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/MultivariateJacobianFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.MultivariateJacobianFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/DifferentiableMultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.DifferentiableMultivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NoBracketingException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NoBracketingException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/TricubicSplineInterpolatingFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.TricubicSplineFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.TricubicSplineInterpolatingFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/FixedGenerationCount.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.FixedGenerationCount
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/TournamentSelection.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.TournamentSelection
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.TournamentSelection$1
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/TTest.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.TTest
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/hull/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.hull.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathUnsupportedOperationException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MathUnsupportedOperationException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionNewtonForm.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialFunctionNewtonForm
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.RungeKuttaFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.OpenMapRealMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/FieldRotation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.FieldRotation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.OpenMapRealVector
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.OpenMapRealVector$OpenMapEntry
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.OpenMapRealVector$OpenMapSparseIterator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.SimpleVectorValueChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/LeastSquaresConverter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.LeastSquaresConverter
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/StatisticalMultivariateSummary.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.StatisticalMultivariateSummary
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/MultivariateMatrixFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.MultivariateMatrixFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Pair
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockFieldMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.BlockFieldMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/MultivariateDifferentiableVectorMultiStartOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.MultivariateDifferentiableVectorMultiStartOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.AbstractFieldIntegrator
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.AbstractFieldIntegrator$1
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/ListPopulation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.ListPopulation
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/RandomKey.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.RandomKey
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/enclosing/EnclosingBall.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.enclosing.EnclosingBall
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/gauss/HermiteRuleFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.gauss.HermiteRuleFactory
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/ConstantRealDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.ConstantRealDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Logit.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Logit
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Logit$Parametric
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/ZeroException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.ZeroException
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.AbstractSimplex
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.AkimaSplineInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/BigFractionFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.BigFractionFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/Fitness.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.Fitness
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/rank/Percentile.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$10
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$4
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$5
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$6
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$7
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$8
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Percentile$EstimationType$9
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/EnumeratedDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.EnumeratedDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.PolygonsSet
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.PolygonsSet$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.PolygonsSet$ConnectableSegment
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.PolygonsSet$Edge
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.PolygonsSet$SegmentsBuilder
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.PolygonsSet$Vertex
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/gauss/BaseRuleFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.gauss.BaseRuleFactory
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/evaluation/ClusterEvaluator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.evaluation.ClusterEvaluator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Identity.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Identity
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/StoppingCondition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.StoppingCondition
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MathIllegalStateException
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937a.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.Well19937a
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.Characterization
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.Characterization$1
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/clustering/EuclideanIntegerPoint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.EuclideanIntegerPoint
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/MapUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.MapUtils
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.MapUtils$PairNeuronDouble
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.MapUtils$PairNeuronDouble$1
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NotFiniteNumberException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NotFiniteNumberException
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.LutherIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/random/StableRandomGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.StableRandomGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.WeightedObservedPoint
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/SquareNeighbourhood.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.SquareNeighbourhood
org/apache/commons/math3/util/IterationListener.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IterationListener
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/SecondOrderIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.SecondOrderIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/Field.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.Field
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Exp.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Exp
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54FieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.HighamHall54FieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.DormandPrince853Integrator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ParameterJacobianProvider.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ParameterJacobianProvider
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Rotation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Rotation
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.LinearObjectiveFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/special/BesselJ.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.special.BesselJ
 org.apache.commons.math3.special.BesselJ$BesselJResult
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NullArgumentException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NullArgumentException
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathCalc.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.FastMathCalc
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.NordsieckStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/RealFieldElement.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.RealFieldElement
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/TopographicErrorHistogram.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.TopographicErrorHistogram
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/FieldVector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldVector
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomVectorGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.RandomVectorGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/interval/AgrestiCoullInterval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.interval.AgrestiCoullInterval
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/FractionField.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.FractionField
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.FractionField$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.FractionField$LazyHolder
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/IllConditionedOperatorException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.IllConditionedOperatorException
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryProjection.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BoundaryProjection
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MultidimensionalCounter
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MultidimensionalCounter$Iterator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.BrentOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/MutationPolicy.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.MutationPolicy
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Segment.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Segment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVectorFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.AbstractRegion
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.AbstractRegion$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.AbstractRegion$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.AbstractRegion$3
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/GillIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.GillIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Vector3D
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.LUDecomposition
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.LUDecomposition$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.LUDecomposition$Solver
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.AbstractConvergenceChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Minus.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Minus
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunctionJacobian.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.ModelFunctionJacobian
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer$IdentityPreconditioner
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer$LineSearchFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/NevilleInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.NevilleInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver$1
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.DfpField
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.DfpField$RoundingMode
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/OneWayAnova.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.OneWayAnova
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.OneWayAnova$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.OneWayAnova$AnovaStats
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/rank/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/random/NormalizedRandomGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.NormalizedRandomGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.BracketFinder
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketedUnivariateSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BracketedUnivariateSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/ChiSquaredDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.ChiSquaredDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.ContinuedFraction
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.SimpleUnivariateValueChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/MicrosphereProjectionInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.MicrosphereProjectionInterpolator
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.MicrosphereProjectionInterpolator$1
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/LinearOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.LinearOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/MultivariateVectorFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.MultivariateVectorFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/enclosing/Encloser.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.enclosing.Encloser
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/Edge.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.Edge
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.CMAESOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.CMAESOptimizer$DoubleIndex
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.CMAESOptimizer$FitnessFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.CMAESOptimizer$PopulationSize
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.CMAESOptimizer$Sigma
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.CMAESOptimizer$ValuePenaltyPair
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/JacobianFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.JacobianFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/oned/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/Population.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.Population
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Embedding.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.Embedding
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/TrivariateGridInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.TrivariateGridInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/MultivariateDifferentiableMultiStartOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.MultivariateDifferentiableMultiStartOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853FieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.DormandPrince853FieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Erf.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.special.Erf
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/interval/NormalApproximationInterval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.interval.NormalApproximationInterval
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/AbstractOptimizationProblem.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.AbstractOptimizationProblem
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.AbstractOptimizationProblem$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.AbstractOptimizationProblem$MaxEvalCallback
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.AbstractOptimizationProblem$MaxIterCallback
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/ProperBigFractionFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.ProperBigFractionFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3DFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Vector3DFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sqrt.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Sqrt
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.FastMath
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.FastMath$CodyWaite
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.FastMath$ExpFracTable
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.FastMath$ExpIntTable
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.FastMath$Split
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.FastMath$lnMant
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/correlation/StorelessCovariance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.correlation.StorelessCovariance
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/util/QuasiSigmoidDecayFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.util.QuasiSigmoidDecayFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultiStartMultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.BaseMultiStartMultivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FieldExpandableODE.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FieldExpandableODE
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.ClassicalRungeKuttaStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Transform.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.Transform
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/util/ExceptionContextProvider.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.util.ExceptionContextProvider
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/DifferentiableUnivariateMatrixFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.DifferentiableUnivariateMatrixFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/UnboundedSolutionException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.UnboundedSolutionException
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/FastFourierTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.FastFourierTransformer
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.FastFourierTransformer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.FastFourierTransformer$MultiDimensionalComplexMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxIter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.MaxIter
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SparseFieldVector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SparseFieldVector
org/apache/commons/math3/complex/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/LevyDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.LevyDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTest.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.KolmogorovSmirnovTest
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/SynchronizedDescriptiveStatistics.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.SynchronizedDescriptiveStatistics
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Asin.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Asin
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/OptimizationData.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.OptimizationData
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SparseRealMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SparseRealMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/GraggBulirschStoerIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.GraggBulirschStoerIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/InitialGuess.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.InitialGuess
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MixtureMultivariateNormalDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.MixtureMultivariateNormalDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/hull/ConvexHull2D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.hull.ConvexHull2D
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/GTest.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.GTest
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.MannWhitneyUTest
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NumberIsTooLargeException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NumberIsTooLargeException
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.AbstractSubHyperplane
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/FilterType.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.FilterType
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.FilterType$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.FilterType$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.FilterType$3
org/apache/commons/math3/util/IterationEvent.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IterationEvent
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/LaplaceDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.LaplaceDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/UnivariateStatistic.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.UnivariateStatistic
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.special.Beta
 org.apache.commons.math3.special.Beta$1
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/rank/Median.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Median
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathArithmeticException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MathArithmeticException
org/apache/commons/math3/filter/DefaultMeasurementModel.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.filter.DefaultMeasurementModel
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well44497a.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.Well44497a
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.GaussNewtonOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractRealMatrix
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractRealMatrix$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractRealMatrix$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractRealMatrix$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractRealMatrix$4
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractRealMatrix$5
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/SynchronizedSummaryStatistics.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.SynchronizedSummaryStatistics
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/gauss/GaussIntegratorFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.gauss.GaussIntegratorFactory
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/RegressionResults.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.RegressionResults
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorChangingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVectorChangingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/UniformCrossover.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.UniformCrossover
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/PascalDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.PascalDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/AbstractCurveFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.AbstractCurveFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.AbstractCurveFitter$TheoreticalValuesFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.AbstractCurveFitter$TheoreticalValuesFunction$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.AbstractCurveFitter$TheoreticalValuesFunction$2
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/MultivariateInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.MultivariateInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/S2Point.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.S2Point
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/DifferentiableMultivariateVectorMultiStartOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.DifferentiableMultivariateVectorMultiStartOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SparseRealVector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SparseRealVector
org/apache/commons/math3/random/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/filter/MeasurementModel.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.filter.MeasurementModel
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.RandomGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/RankingAlgorithm.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.ranking.RankingAlgorithm
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/enclosing/SupportBallGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.enclosing.SupportBallGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.SimplexSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/LutherFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.LutherFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.util.LocalizedFormats
org/apache/commons/math3/random/ValueServer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.ValueServer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.SimpsonIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolverDFP.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.BracketingNthOrderBrentSolverDFP
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.BracketingNthOrderBrentSolverDFP$1
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/LinearInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.LinearInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/LogisticDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.LogisticDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.GeometricMean
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AnyMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AnyMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/FieldEventState.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.FieldEventState
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.FieldEventState$1
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketedRealFieldUnivariateSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BracketedRealFieldUnivariateSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.IntervalsSet
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.IntervalsSet$SubIntervalsIterator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.ranking.NaturalRanking
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.ranking.NaturalRanking$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.ranking.NaturalRanking$IntDoublePair
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/util/Localizable.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.util.Localizable
org/apache/commons/math3/filter/DefaultProcessModel.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.filter.DefaultProcessModel
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/DifferentiableUnivariateFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.DifferentiableUnivariateFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SparseFieldMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SparseFieldMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.FirstMoment
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/hull/ConvexHull.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.hull.ConvexHull
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/HessenbergTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.HessenbergTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/AbstractScalarDifferentiableOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.AbstractScalarDifferentiableOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Euclidean1D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.Euclidean1D
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.Euclidean1D$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.Euclidean1D$LazyHolder
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.Euclidean1D$NoSubSpaceException
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/AbstractMultipleLinearRegression.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.AbstractMultipleLinearRegression
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.BrentOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/DifferentiableUnivariateSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.DifferentiableUnivariateSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/TriangularDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.TriangularDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/BivariateGridInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BivariateGridInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/DifferentiableUnivariateVectorFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.DifferentiableUnivariateVectorFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54StepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.HighamHall54StepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Decimal64Field.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Decimal64Field
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/MultivariateDifferentiableVectorFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.MultivariateDifferentiableVectorFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Acos.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Acos
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/UnivariateVectorFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.UnivariateVectorFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateDifferentiableSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.UnivariateDifferentiableSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.SimpleRegression
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.Mean
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/PreconditionedIterativeLinearSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.PreconditionedIterativeLinearSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventHandler.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.EventHandler
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.EventHandler$Action
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateFunctionPenaltyAdapter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateFunctionPenaltyAdapter
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.Fraction
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/Circle.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.Circle
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.Circle$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.Circle$CircleTransform
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/SecondOrderDifferentialEquations.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.SecondOrderDifferentialEquations
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.ClassicalRungeKuttaFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/PegasusSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.PegasusSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.MultiDirectionalSimplex
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/MultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.MultivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NotANumberException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NotANumberException
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/NeighbourhoodSizeFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.NeighbourhoodSizeFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.LinearConstraint
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CombinatoricsUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.CombinatoricsUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BisectionSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/Kurtosis.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.Kurtosis
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.BOBYQAOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.BOBYQAOptimizer$PathIsExploredException
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/SelectionPolicy.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.SelectionPolicy
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Segment.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Segment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/FiniteDifferencesDifferentiator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.FiniteDifferencesDifferentiator
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.FiniteDifferencesDifferentiator$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.FiniteDifferencesDifferentiator$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.FiniteDifferencesDifferentiator$3
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/FieldVectorPreservingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldVectorPreservingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionLagrangeForm.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialFunctionLagrangeForm
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.MultiStartUnivariateOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.MultiStartUnivariateOptimizer$1
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/clustering/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/LutherFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.LutherFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/random/SynchronizedRandomGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.SynchronizedRandomGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseUnivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.BaseUnivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/summary/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.summary.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/FieldHermiteInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.FieldHermiteInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractParameterizable.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.AbstractParameterizable
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/UnivariateFunctionDifferentiator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.UnivariateFunctionDifferentiator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.BaseOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.BaseOptimizer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.BaseOptimizer$MaxEvalCallback
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.BaseOptimizer$MaxIterCallback
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/oned/ArcsSet.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.ArcsSet
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.ArcsSet$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.ArcsSet$InconsistentStateAt2PiWrapping
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.ArcsSet$Split
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.ArcsSet$SubArcsIterator
org/apache/commons/math3/util/NumberTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.NumberTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/SimplePointChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.SimplePointChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpDec.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.DfpDec
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.DfpDec$1
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/GammaDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.GammaDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/FastHadamardTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.FastHadamardTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/OptimizationProblem.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.OptimizationProblem
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Pow.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Pow
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.summary.SumOfLogs
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/SmoothingPolynomialBicubicSplineInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.SmoothingPolynomialBicubicSplineInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/RiddersSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.RiddersSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/NonPositiveDefiniteOperatorException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.NonPositiveDefiniteOperatorException
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/FastSineTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.FastSineTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/CauchyDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.CauchyDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/GeometricDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.GeometricDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.EquationsMapper
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/AbstractSimplex.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.AbstractSimplex
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/BivariateFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.BivariateFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/DctNormalization.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.DctNormalization
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/ThirdMoment.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.ThirdMoment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.CompositeFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/IterativeLegendreGaussIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.IterativeLegendreGaussIntegrator
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.IterativeLegendreGaussIntegrator$1
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/PropertiesComputer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.PropertiesComputer
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/OptimizationData.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.OptimizationData
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince54FieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.DormandPrince54FieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.gradient.NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.gradient.NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.gradient.NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer$BracketingStep
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.gradient.NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer$Formula
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.gradient.NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer$IdentityPreconditioner
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/NonSquareMatrixException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.NonSquareMatrixException
org/apache/commons/math3/util/DoubleArray.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.DoubleArray
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.Interval
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/SynchronizedMultivariateSummaryStatistics.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.SynchronizedMultivariateSummaryStatistics
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/TrapezoidIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.TrapezoidIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.AbstractWell
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/FixedElapsedTime.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.FixedElapsedTime
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/UnifiedDistanceMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.UnifiedDistanceMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/GoalType.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.GoalType
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreRuleFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.gauss.LegendreRuleFactory
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/fitting/PolynomialFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.PolynomialFitter
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/TooManyIterationsException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.TooManyIterationsException
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/ThreeEighthesStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.ThreeEighthesStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/MultivariateDifferentiableVectorOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.MultivariateDifferentiableVectorOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/ParetoDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.ParetoDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/PoissonDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.PoissonDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/PolynomialCurveFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.PolynomialCurveFitter
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/AlternativeHypothesis.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.AlternativeHypothesis
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/Skewness.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.Skewness
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.GradientMultivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/NoFeasibleSolutionException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.NoFeasibleSolutionException
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/GillStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.GillStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.AbstractLinearOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ODEIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ODEIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ContinuousOutputModel.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ContinuousOutputModel
org/apache/commons/math3/primes/Primes.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.primes.Primes
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/StepNormalizerBounds.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.StepNormalizerBounds
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/NonNegativeConstraint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.NonNegativeConstraint
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/FieldDecompositionSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldDecompositionSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/DimensionMismatchException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.DimensionMismatchException
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/Vertex.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.Vertex
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/interval/WilsonScoreInterval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.interval.WilsonScoreInterval
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/util/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.util.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/HermiteInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.HermiteInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/MidpointFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.MidpointFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Ceil.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Ceil
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateObjectiveFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.UnivariateObjectiveFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.summary.Sum
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Tanh.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Tanh
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/SolutionCallback.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.SolutionCallback
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/Transformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.Transformer
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.Transformer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.Transformer$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.Transformer$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.Transformer$4
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.Transformer$5
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.SummaryStatistics
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54FieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.HighamHall54FieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.BaseMultivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/MidpointIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.MidpointIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.WeightedObservedPoint
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/UnknownParameterException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.UnknownParameterException
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/oned/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.oned.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/util/DummyLocalizable.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.util.DummyLocalizable
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/ValueAndJacobianFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.ValueAndJacobianFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/GaussianCurveFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.GaussianCurveFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.GaussianCurveFitter$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.GaussianCurveFitter$ParameterGuesser
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.GaussianCurveFitter$ParameterGuesser$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/Clusterer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.Clusterer
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MaxCountExceededException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MaxCountExceededException
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariateMultiStartOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.UnivariateMultiStartOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.UnivariateMultiStartOptimizer$1
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/LeastSquaresBuilder.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresBuilder
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/ConjugateGradientFormula.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.ConjugateGradientFormula
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NakagamiDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.NakagamiDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/oned/S1Point.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.S1Point
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/hull/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.hull.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Hyperplane.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.Hyperplane
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryAttribute.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BoundaryAttribute
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.HypergeometricDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/TransformType.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.TransformType
org/apache/commons/math3/primes/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.primes.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/MultistepFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MultistepFieldIntegrator
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MultistepFieldIntegrator$FieldNordsieckInitializer
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MultistepFieldIntegrator$InitializationCompletedMarkerException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/UnivariateVectorFunctionDifferentiator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.UnivariateVectorFunctionDifferentiator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/distance/ChebyshevDistance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.distance.ChebyshevDistance
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.TricubicInterpolator
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.TricubicInterpolator$1
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/OnePointCrossover.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.OnePointCrossover
org/apache/commons/math3/filter/KalmanFilter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.filter.KalmanFilter
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/FieldMatrixChangingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldMatrixChangingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomAdaptor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.RandomAdaptor
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FieldODEState.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FieldODEState
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NonMonotonicSequenceException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NonMonotonicSequenceException
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FirstOrderFieldDifferentialEquations.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FirstOrderFieldDifferentialEquations
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventFilter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.EventFilter
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Cosh.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Cosh
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/ZipfDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.ZipfDistribution
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.ZipfDistribution$ZipfRejectionInversionSampler
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.TriDiagonalTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/integration/UnivariateIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.integration.UnivariateIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathInternalError.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MathInternalError
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/SimplexSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.SimplexSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdaptiveStepsizeFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/GLSMultipleLinearRegression.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.GLSMultipleLinearRegression
org/apache/commons/math3/complex/Complex.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.Complex
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/Sphere2D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.Sphere2D
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.Sphere2D$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.Sphere2D$LazyHolder
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/FourthMoment.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.FourthMoment
org/apache/commons/math3/complex/ComplexField.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.ComplexField
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.ComplexField$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.ComplexField$LazyHolder
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Constant.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Constant
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Floor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Floor
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/RealDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.RealDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Max.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Max
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/MultivariateSummaryStatistics.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.MultivariateSummaryStatistics
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/FractionFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.FractionFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.jacobian.LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/SplineInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.SplineInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SchurTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SchurTransformer
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SchurTransformer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SchurTransformer$ShiftInfo
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.MaxEval
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$LowerBoundMapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$LowerUpperBoundMapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$Mapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$NoBoundsMapper
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter$UpperBoundMapper
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractDifferentiableUnivariateSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.AbstractDifferentiableUnivariateSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.UnivariatePointValuePair
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/oned/Sphere1D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.Sphere1D
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.Sphere1D$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.Sphere1D$LazyHolder
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.oned.Sphere1D$NoSubSpaceException
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoints.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.WeightedObservedPoints
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/StepNormalizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.StepNormalizer
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomData.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.RandomData
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/Cluster.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.Cluster
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/hull/AbstractConvexHullGenerator2D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.hull.AbstractConvexHullGenerator2D
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.KMeansPlusPlusClusterer
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.KMeansPlusPlusClusterer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.KMeansPlusPlusClusterer$EmptyClusterStrategy
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.UniformRealDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/correlation/StorelessBivariateCovariance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.correlation.StorelessBivariateCovariance
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/enclosing/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.enclosing.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.jacobian.GaussNewtonOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/DifferentiableMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.DifferentiableMultivariateVectorOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/evaluation/SumOfClusterVariances.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.evaluation.SumOfClusterVariances
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.SubPlane
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Divide.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Divide
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.AbstractIntegerDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Precision
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/TDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.TDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/InvalidRepresentationException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.InvalidRepresentationException
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/SimplexTableau.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.SimplexTableau
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorPreservingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealVectorPreservingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/SmoothedDataHistogram.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.SmoothedDataHistogram
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/PointVectorValuePair.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.PointVectorValuePair
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.PointVectorValuePair$DataTransferObject
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/OptimumImpl.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.OptimumImpl
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/OrderedCrossover.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.OrderedCrossover
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/LeastSquaresOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresOptimizer$Optimum
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FirstOrderDifferentialEquations.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FirstOrderDifferentialEquations
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/clustering/DBSCANClusterer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.DBSCANClusterer
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.DBSCANClusterer$PointStatus
org/apache/commons/math3/util/DefaultTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.DefaultTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/NeighbourhoodSizeFunctionFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.NeighbourhoodSizeFunctionFactory
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.NeighbourhoodSizeFunctionFactory$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.NeighbourhoodSizeFunctionFactory$2
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/GraggBulirschStoerStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.GraggBulirschStoerStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/CMAESOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.CMAESOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.CMAESOptimizer$DoubleIndex
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.CMAESOptimizer$FitnessFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.CMAESOptimizer$PopulationSize
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.CMAESOptimizer$Sigma
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/BinaryChromosome.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.BinaryChromosome
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.UnivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.ArrayRealVector
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/UnivariateMatrixFunctionDifferentiator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.UnivariateMatrixFunctionDifferentiator
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MedianOf3PivotingStrategy.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MedianOf3PivotingStrategy
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/SecondaryEquations.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.SecondaryEquations
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/PermutationChromosome.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.PermutationChromosome
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/MullerSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.MullerSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.Vector1D
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/MidpointStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.MidpointStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.EnumeratedRealDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/FeatureInitializer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.FeatureInitializer
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/FieldButcherArrayProvider.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.FieldButcherArrayProvider
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Atan2.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Atan2
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.jacobian.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well512a.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.Well512a
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.ClassicalRungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.AbstractUnivariateStatistic
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.LinearObjectiveFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateRealDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.MultivariateRealDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Inverse.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Inverse
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.MultiDirectionalSimplex
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/evaluation/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.evaluation.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NoDataException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NoDataException
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/enclosing/WelzlEncloser.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.enclosing.WelzlEncloser
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Abs.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Abs
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/NonSymmetricMatrixException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.NonSymmetricMatrixException
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/distance/CanberraDistance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.distance.CanberraDistance
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/clustering/CentroidCluster.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.clustering.CentroidCluster
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentile.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.PSquarePercentile
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.PSquarePercentile$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.PSquarePercentile$FixedCapacityList
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.PSquarePercentile$Marker
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.PSquarePercentile$Markers
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.PSquarePercentile$PSquareMarkers
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/regression/UpdatingMultipleLinearRegression.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.regression.UpdatingMultipleLinearRegression
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SphereGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.SphereGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/GillFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.GillFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/OutlineExtractor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.OutlineExtractor
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.OutlineExtractor$BoundaryProjector
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/LeastSquaresProblem.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresProblem
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LeastSquaresProblem$Evaluation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EulerFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.EulerFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfSquares.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.summary.SumOfSquares
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/SparseGradient.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.SparseGradient
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.SparseGradient$1
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/FieldLUDecomposition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldLUDecomposition
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldLUDecomposition$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldLUDecomposition$Solver
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.CurveFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.CurveFitter$TheoreticalValuesFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.CurveFitter$TheoreticalValuesFunction$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.CurveFitter$TheoreticalValuesFunction$2
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.utilities.OrderedTuple
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/FractionConversionException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.FractionConversionException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseSecantSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BaseSecantSolver
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BaseSecantSolver$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BaseSecantSolver$Method
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EulerFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.EulerFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Power.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Power
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/RegulaFalsiSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.RegulaFalsiSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckFieldTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsNordsieckFieldTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/NonSquareOperatorException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.NonSquareOperatorException
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.DormandPrince853StepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.jacobian.AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.utilities.AVLTree
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.utilities.AVLTree$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.utilities.AVLTree$Node
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.utilities.AVLTree$Skew
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SingularValueDecomposition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SingularValueDecomposition
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SingularValueDecomposition$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SingularValueDecomposition$Solver
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.Array2DRowRealMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.Dfp
 org.apache.commons.math3.dfp.Dfp$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/QuantizationError.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.QuantizationError
org/apache/commons/math3/complex/ComplexFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.ComplexFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Signum.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Signum
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.ModelFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/RealFieldUnivariateFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.RealFieldUnivariateFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/correlation/KendallsCorrelation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.correlation.KendallsCorrelation
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.correlation.KendallsCorrelation$1
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.AbstractRealDistribution
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.AbstractRealDistribution$1
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NumberIsTooSmallException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NumberIsTooSmallException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Logistic.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Logistic
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Logistic$Parametric
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.EventState
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.EventState$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.events.EventState$LocalMaxCountExceededException
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultiStartMultivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultiStartMultivariateOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.MultiStartMultivariateOptimizer$1
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.DiagonalMatrix
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultRealMatrixChangingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.DefaultRealMatrixChangingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/MapDataVisualization.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.MapDataVisualization
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/LineSearch.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.LineSearch
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.LineSearch$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/FixedStepHandler.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.FixedStepHandler
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/MultivariateMultiStartOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.MultivariateMultiStartOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/MicrosphereInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.MicrosphereInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/NonPositiveDefiniteMatrixException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.NonPositiveDefiniteMatrixException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Log1p.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Log1p
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/NewtonSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.NewtonSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/NelderMeadSimplex.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.NelderMeadSimplex
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.univariate.UnivariatePointValuePair
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BracketFinder.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.BracketFinder
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/hull/AklToussaintHeuristic.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.hull.AklToussaintHeuristic
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathRuntimeException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MathRuntimeException
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ParameterConfiguration.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ParameterConfiguration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/LutherStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.LutherStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.BOBYQAOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.BOBYQAOptimizer$PathIsExploredException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Subtract.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Subtract
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/RealTransformer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.RealTransformer
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2DFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.Vector2DFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/FieldVectorChangingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.FieldVectorChangingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/DSCompiler.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.DSCompiler
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/LaguerreSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.LaguerreSolver
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.LaguerreSolver$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.LaguerreSolver$ComplexSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.PowellOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/util/IntegerSequence.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IntegerSequence
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IntegerSequence$Incrementor
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IntegerSequence$Incrementor$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IntegerSequence$Incrementor$MaxCountExceededCallback
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IntegerSequence$Range
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ConjugateGradient.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.ConjugateGradient
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/StepHandler.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.StepHandler
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathParseException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MathParseException
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryProjector.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BoundaryProjector
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/random/SobolSequenceGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.SobolSequenceGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/NotStrictlyPositiveException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.NotStrictlyPositiveException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Cbrt.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Cbrt
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.GaussianFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.GaussianFitter$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.GaussianFitter$ParameterGuesser
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.GaussianFitter$ParameterGuesser$1
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.univariate.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.MultivariateNormalDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.KMeansPlusPlusClusterer
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.KMeansPlusPlusClusterer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.KMeansPlusPlusClusterer$EmptyClusterStrategy
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.EnumeratedIntegerDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.oned.OrientedPoint
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/UnivariateDifferentiableMatrixFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.UnivariateDifferentiableMatrixFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/Relationship.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.Relationship
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.Relationship$1
org/apache/commons/math3/transform/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.transform.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/InterpolatingMicrosphere.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.InterpolatingMicrosphere
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.InterpolatingMicrosphere$Facet
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.InterpolatingMicrosphere$FacetData
org/apache/commons/math3/random/ISAACRandom.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.ISAACRandom
org/apache/commons/math3/util/BigRealField.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.BigRealField
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.BigRealField$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.BigRealField$LazyHolder
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BetaDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.BetaDistribution
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.BetaDistribution$ChengBetaSampler
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Multiply.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Multiply
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/ChromosomePair.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.ChromosomePair
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.ArithmeticUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ExpandableStatefulODE
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.ExpandableStatefulODE$SecondaryComponent
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.GaussNewtonOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.GaussNewtonOptimizer$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.GaussNewtonOptimizer$Decomposition
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.GaussNewtonOptimizer$Decomposition$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.GaussNewtonOptimizer$Decomposition$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.GaussNewtonOptimizer$Decomposition$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.GaussNewtonOptimizer$Decomposition$4
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Side.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.Side
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractRandomGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.AbstractRandomGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/DerivativeStructure.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.DerivativeStructure
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.DerivativeStructure$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.DerivativeStructure$DataTransferObject
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Atan.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Atan
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.ranking.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sin.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Sin
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/SubHyperplane.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.SubHyperplane
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.SubHyperplane$SplitSubHyperplane
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RRQRDecomposition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RRQRDecomposition
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RRQRDecomposition$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RRQRDecomposition$Solver
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/UnivariateDifferentiableFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.UnivariateDifferentiableFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/ThreeEighthesFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.ThreeEighthesFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CentralPivotingStrategy.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.CentralPivotingStrategy
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54Integrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.HighamHall54Integrator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/direct/MultivariateFunctionPenaltyAdapter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.direct.MultivariateFunctionPenaltyAdapter
org/apache/commons/math3/random/UncorrelatedRandomVectorGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.UncorrelatedRandomVectorGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/Relationship.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.Relationship
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.Relationship$1
org/apache/commons/math3/random/UnitSphereRandomVectorGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.UnitSphereRandomVectorGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/UpdateAction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.UpdateAction
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/Parameterizable.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.Parameterizable
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.SimpleValueChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/clustering/Clusterable.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.Clusterable
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/Space.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.Space
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/NonSelfAdjointOperatorException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.NonSelfAdjointOperatorException
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdamsFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.AdamsFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractFieldMatrix
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractFieldMatrix$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractFieldMatrix$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.AbstractFieldMatrix$3
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/distance/EarthMoversDistance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.distance.EarthMoversDistance
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/LocationFinder.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.LocationFinder
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.LocationFinder$Location
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/CycleCrossover.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.CycleCrossover
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/BigFractionField.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.BigFractionField
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.BigFractionField$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.BigFractionField$LazyHolder
org/apache/commons/math3/util/IterationManager.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IterationManager
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.IterationManager$1
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundarySizeVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BoundarySizeVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince54StepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.DormandPrince54StepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/Frequency.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.Frequency
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.Frequency$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.Frequency$NaturalComparator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.RungeKuttaIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DecompositionSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.DecompositionSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/TestUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.TestUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/IntegerDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.IntegerDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomGeneratorFactory.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.RandomGeneratorFactory
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.RandomGeneratorFactory$1
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/LogNormalDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.LogNormalDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/genetics/ElitisticListPopulation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.genetics.ElitisticListPopulation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/InterpolatingMicrosphere2D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.InterpolatingMicrosphere2D
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointVectorValuePair.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.PointVectorValuePair
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.PointVectorValuePair$DataTransferObject
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/sofm/LearningFactorFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.sofm.LearningFactorFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/UnboundedSolutionException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.UnboundedSolutionException
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Weight.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.Weight
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/NewtonRaphsonSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.NewtonRaphsonSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/complex/RootsOfUnity.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.complex.RootsOfUnity
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/MidpointFieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.MidpointFieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Log.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Log
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SymmLQ.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SymmLQ
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.SymmLQ$State
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/AbstractDifferentiableOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.AbstractDifferentiableOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/primes/PollardRho.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.primes.PollardRho
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/StepNormalizerMode.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.StepNormalizerMode
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/Target.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.Target
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/MullerSolver2.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.MullerSolver2
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/CholeskyDecomposition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.CholeskyDecomposition
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.CholeskyDecomposition$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.CholeskyDecomposition$Solver
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointValuePair.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.PointValuePair
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.PointValuePair$DataTransferObject
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.FDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.special.Gamma
 org.apache.commons.math3.special.Gamma$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/distance/EuclideanDistance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.distance.EuclideanDistance
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/PointValuePair.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.PointValuePair
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.PointValuePair$DataTransferObject
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.SubLine
org/apache/commons/math3/util/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.MultivariateVectorOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTreeVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BSPTreeVisitor
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.partitioning.BSPTreeVisitor$Order
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/hull/ConvexHullGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.hull.ConvexHullGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Atanh.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Atanh
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.RealMatrixFormat
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/correlation/Covariance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.correlation.Covariance
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.rank.Max
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/LeastSquaresConverter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.LeastSquaresConverter
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/MainStateJacobianProvider.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.MainStateJacobianProvider
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.linear.SimplexTableau
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/SimpleBounds.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.SimpleBounds
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/FieldStepHandler.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.FieldStepHandler
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/StorelessUnivariateStatistic.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.StorelessUnivariateStatistic
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Ulp.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.function.Ulp
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/FieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.FieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/FieldBracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.FieldBracketingNthOrderBrentSolver
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.FieldBracketingNthOrderBrentSolver$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FirstOrderIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FirstOrderIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/LinearConstraintSet.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.LinearConstraintSet
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/NoFeasibleSolutionException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.NoFeasibleSolutionException
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/ChiSquareTest.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.ChiSquareTest
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/ParametricUnivariateFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.ParametricUnivariateFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/MicrosphereInterpolatingFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.MicrosphereInterpolatingFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.MicrosphereInterpolatingFunction$MicrosphereSurfaceElement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.BinomialDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseUnivariateSolver.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.BaseUnivariateSolver
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialSplineFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/fitting/HarmonicFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.HarmonicFitter
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.fitting.HarmonicFitter$ParameterGuesser
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.UnivariateSolverUtils
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/leastsquares/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.leastsquares.LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer$InternalData
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Target.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.Target
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/BinomialTest.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.BinomialTest
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.inference.BinomialTest$1
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.Plane
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/SimpleCurveFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.SimpleCurveFitter
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/ConvergenceChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.ConvergenceChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.AbstractConvergenceChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/ConvergenceChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.ConvergenceChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/random/HaltonSequenceGenerator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.HaltonSequenceGenerator
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/DifferentiableMultivariateVectorFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.DifferentiableMultivariateVectorFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/util/RandomPivotingStrategy.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.RandomPivotingStrategy
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/twod/util/HitHistogram.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.twod.util.HitHistogram
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/CardanEulerSingularityException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.CardanEulerSingularityException
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/BigFraction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fraction.BigFraction
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixChangingVisitor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.DefaultFieldMatrixChangingVisitor
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FirstOrderFieldIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FirstOrderFieldIntegrator
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/interval/ConfidenceInterval.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.interval.ConfidenceInterval
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.FastMathLiteralArrays
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/TrivariateFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.TrivariateFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/SubCircle.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.SubCircle
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/Weight.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.Weight
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/BaseMultivariateVectorMultiStartOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.BaseMultivariateVectorMultiStartOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.BaseMultivariateVectorMultiStartOptimizer$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853FieldStepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.nonstiff.DormandPrince853FieldStepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultiStartMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.MultiStartMultivariateVectorOptimizer
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.vector.MultiStartMultivariateVectorOptimizer$1
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/VectorialCovariance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.VectorialCovariance
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/KolmogorovSmirnovDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.KolmogorovSmirnovDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/FieldElement.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.FieldElement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/StandardDeviation.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.StandardDeviation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathArrays
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathArrays$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathArrays$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathArrays$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathArrays$Function
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathArrays$OrderDirection
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathArrays$PairDoubleInteger
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.MathArrays$Position
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/differentiation/UnivariateDifferentiableVectorFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.differentiation.UnivariateDifferentiableVectorFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/StatisticalSummary.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.StatisticalSummary
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.TricubicFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.TricubicInterpolatingFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.solvers.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.general.LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/hull/ConvexHullGenerator2D.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.twod.hull.ConvexHullGenerator2D
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubLine.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.euclidean.threed.SubLine
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.random.Well19937c
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/distance/ManhattanDistance.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.distance.ManhattanDistance
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Decimal64.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Decimal64
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/StatisticalSummaryValues.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.StatisticalSummaryValues
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Incrementor
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Incrementor$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Incrementor$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.util.Incrementor$MaxCountExceededCallback
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.descriptive.moment.SecondMoment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.AbstractIntegrator
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.AbstractIntegrator$1
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/FirstOrderConverter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.FirstOrderConverter
org/apache/commons/math3/ml/neuralnet/oned/NeuronString.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.oned.NeuronString
 org.apache.commons.math3.ml.neuralnet.oned.NeuronString$SerializationProxy
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/StepInterpolator.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.ode.sampling.StepInterpolator
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.SimpleVectorValueChecker
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MultiDimensionMismatchException.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.exception.MultiDimensionMismatchException
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/interpolation/BicubicSplineInterpolatingFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicSplineFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicSplineFunction$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicSplineFunction$2
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicSplineFunction$3
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicSplineFunction$4
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicSplineFunction$5
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.interpolation.BicubicSplineInterpolatingFunction
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/linear/PivotSelectionRule.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.linear.PivotSelectionRule
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/DifferentiableMultivariateMultiStartOptimizer.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optimization.DifferentiableMultivariateMultiStartOptimizer
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialFunction
 org.apache.commons.math3.analysis.polynomials.PolynomialFunction$Parametric
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/clustering/EuclideanDoublePoint.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.stat.clustering.EuclideanDoublePoint
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/spherical/twod/package-info.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.geometry.spherical.twod.package-info
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformIntegerDistribution.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.distribution.UniformIntegerDistribution
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.noderiv.NelderMeadSimplex
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.EigenDecomposition
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.EigenDecomposition$1
 org.apache.commons.math3.linear.EigenDecomposition$Solver
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/PolynomialFitter.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.fitting.PolynomialFitter
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunctionGradient.java
 org.apache.commons.math3.optim.nonlinear.scalar.ObjectiveFunctionGradient
