org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/VersionRange.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.VersionRange
org/apache/maven/artifact/resolver/MultipleArtifactsNotFoundException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.resolver.MultipleArtifactsNotFoundException
org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/ComparableVersion.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ComparableVersion
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ComparableVersion$1
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ComparableVersion$BigIntegerItem
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ComparableVersion$IntItem
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ComparableVersion$Item
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ComparableVersion$ListItem
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ComparableVersion$LongItem
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ComparableVersion$StringItem
org/apache/maven/artifact/ArtifactUtils.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.ArtifactUtils
org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/InvalidVersionSpecificationException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.InvalidVersionSpecificationException
org/apache/maven/artifact/resolver/ArtifactResolutionException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.resolver.ArtifactResolutionException
org/apache/maven/repository/Proxy.java
 org.apache.maven.repository.Proxy
org/apache/maven/repository/legacy/metadata/ArtifactMetadata.java
 org.apache.maven.repository.legacy.metadata.ArtifactMetadata
org/apache/maven/artifact/InvalidArtifactRTException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.InvalidArtifactRTException
org/apache/maven/artifact/Artifact.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.Artifact
org/apache/maven/artifact/resolver/filter/ArtifactFilter.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.resolver.filter.ArtifactFilter
org/apache/maven/artifact/DefaultArtifact.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.DefaultArtifact
org/apache/maven/artifact/repository/layout/ArtifactRepositoryLayout.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.repository.layout.ArtifactRepositoryLayout
org/apache/maven/artifact/repository/Authentication.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.repository.Authentication
org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/Restriction.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.Restriction
org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/ArtifactVersion.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.ArtifactVersion
org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/OverConstrainedVersionException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.OverConstrainedVersionException
org/apache/maven/artifact/versioning/DefaultArtifactVersion.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.versioning.DefaultArtifactVersion
org/apache/maven/artifact/repository/ArtifactRepositoryPolicy.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.repository.ArtifactRepositoryPolicy
org/apache/maven/artifact/metadata/ArtifactMetadata.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.metadata.ArtifactMetadata
org/apache/maven/artifact/repository/layout/ArtifactRepositoryLayout2.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.repository.layout.ArtifactRepositoryLayout2
org/apache/maven/artifact/resolver/AbstractArtifactResolutionException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.resolver.AbstractArtifactResolutionException
org/apache/maven/artifact/resolver/CyclicDependencyException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.resolver.CyclicDependencyException
org/apache/maven/artifact/repository/ArtifactRepository.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.repository.ArtifactRepository
org/apache/maven/artifact/handler/ArtifactHandler.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.handler.ArtifactHandler
org/apache/maven/artifact/repository/metadata/RepositoryMetadataStoreException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.repository.metadata.RepositoryMetadataStoreException
org/apache/maven/artifact/resolver/ArtifactNotFoundException.java
 org.apache.maven.artifact.resolver.ArtifactNotFoundException
